Add support: MemoryExport API (#2129)
mem0ai/mem0: docs/platform/quickstart.mdx

```
</CodeGroup>

### 4.11 Create Memory Export

> Create a structured export of memories based on a provided Pydantic schema. This feature allows you to extract memories in a structured format that matches your schema definition. The export will consider `all memories` that match the parameters you provide, such as `user_id`, `agent_id`, `run_id`, or `session_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submit a job to create a structured export of memories using a customizable Pydantic schema. This process may take some time to complete, especially if you’re exporting a large number of memories. You can tailor the export by applying various filters (e.g., `user_id`, `agent_id`, `run_id`, or `session_id`) and by modifying the Pydantic schema to ensure the final data matches your exact needs.
```

                }
            ],
            "default": None,
            "description": "Current employment status"
        },
        "education_level": {
            "anyOf": [
                {
                    "$ref": "#/$defs/EducationLevel"
                },
                {
                    "type": "null"
                }
            ],
            "default": None,
            "description": "Highest level of education completed"
        },
        "skills": {
            "anyOf": [
                {
                    "items": {
                        "type": "string"
                    },
                    "type": "array"
                },
                {
                    "type": "null"
                }
            ],
            "default": None,
            "description": "Professional skills and competencies",
            "title": "Skills"
        }
    },
    "title": "ProfessionalProfile",
    "type": "object"
}
```

```json Output
{
    "message": "Memory export request received. The export will be ready in a few seconds.",
    "id": "550e8400-e29b-41d4-a716-446655440000"
}
```

</CodeGroup>

### 4.12 Get Memory Export

> Retrieve the structured export of memories for a user. It return the latest export for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieve the structured export of memories after you have submitted a export job using the previous endpoint. It return the latest memory export.
```
